Site 1) Rusted Root Band Page

Brian:
Brian is looking forward to going to next month's concert. He'd like to play some tracks for his 
friends. He's taking them along to the show, and they're really not familiar with the band at all.
He's a huge fan, so he's hoping they have some tracks available on the website to play in full.

Kristin:
Kristin wants to keep her eye out for a show in her area. She comes back to RustedRoot.com often
to check out their tour schedule. When she does see a show in her area, she hopes it will take her
directly to a page that sells tickets. 

Site 2) michael-torocsik.com Portfolio Site

Claire:
Claire is a perspective employer who was sent Michael's url for a possible job opportunity.
She needs to download a copy of his resume, as well as view his work. She is considering the
site itself as a piece to keep in mind during the evaluation phase. It is very important she's
able to navigate the site easily.

Wayne:
Wayne was taken to michael-torocsik.com from the footer information from another site. He was 
impressed with the site's design, and was wondering if he could hire Michael to build a website for
him. He'd like to see some more of Michael's work, as well as contact info. He's also like to 
find links to other sites Michael may have designed.

Site 3) Yummers Restaurant

Heatherlyn:
Heatherlyn is looking for good takeout spot. She has company that has arrived and they are hungry.
She googled for takeout in her area, and stumbled upon Yummers. Her phone is dead, so she's hoping
she can just order it online. She needs a menu and online ordering info, as well as reviews of 
what's the best stuff to order.

Patrick:
Patrick's looking for a restaurant by his office that he can arrange to have dinner at with clients.
He'd like to make a reservation online from a boring meeting he is in. He needs to see reviews and
preferrably Zagat ratings. He wants to impress these clients, and hopes a full menu is available,
with food allergy information.